Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-secretsmanager.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the Secrets Manager service
* Docker for your system to run Secrets Manager locally for testing purposes

=== Provision Secrets Manager locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with Secrets Manager is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision Secrets Manager locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of Secrets Manager manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of Secrets Manager manually, first start a localstack container:
```
